BHP runs together with the Web server to run up cold, but it can also run scripts in their command
line.
Laravel has a huge spectrum of command line tools that can generate code, do maintains tasks or even
start simple development web server.
Installing Zamp is not enough to be able to use the command line, you need to add the path to the binary
in your system.
PAF Environment Variable Scenes Mako's Catharina Version 15.
The default shell is that this age Vaastu configured their PAF variable for the current system user.
You need to open the.
Dot Zeta's H.
Ursy file in your home folder that your old character is a shortcut to your home folder.
Mark had previously used the Bosch by default to find out what show you use.
Just check the title bar of the terminal up.
It would say that this age or Bosch, if for some reason it says Bosch, the fire you need to open is
the Bosch or instead.
So open the correct file using our command line text editor called Nana.
Shipped by default with the mark so type nano dot that is age HRC or nano bash Ursy depending on your
cell.
If you see an empty file when you run this command, it's fine.
This file does not exist by default.
If you see some text on the screen, as I do, it means you already had that fire in this case, you
need to locate the line containing the text export perve.
If you can't find it, it means it's not there, which is possible and is fine.
You can use the up and down arrow keys on your keyboard to navigate.
The next step is to either align with export parv.
Or locate the existing one.
This variable defines system wide directories in which the system should look for executable programs,
entries are separated using Kolon entries are entered from the left to right, which means those on
the left have the highest priority.
So the first entry should be applications, for example, been.
At least when you've installed Zamp in this directory, which by default, you would notice that in
my case I have other entries in this file, but you don't have to worry about that.
Just make sure you have a line that says Export Parv and that there is the path to this bin folder inside
Daxam folder and you will be fine.
Next, press control all.
To save changes, confirmed the file name by hitting enter.
And then press control X to quit Nannerl or remember its control or control, X, not comment or comment
X.
Then you might have to restart your terminal, so please do it now.
After restarting run baby dash there to check diversion, and if it works at all, you should see output
similar to mine and also make sure their version matches the one you've downloaded.
Sometimes people have previously installed BGB and may have some older versions dangling, which potentially
might cause issues.